Why fire me?
Just because I'm the president
Good night, let's listen to irrelevant personnel again
Who dares to save him?
Take it together
Xueyao is your uncle
When you just had a meeting to fire me
Have you ever thought that I am your daughter?
Is that his niece?
Follow me, sister, sister, save my sister
Xueyao
I have no problem with you supporting your uncle's position
But supper is rubbish
What can he do?
Able to be promoted to the position of vice president of the company
I don't agree with that.
No matter how useless I am, I am better than the day
He can confirm
Why shouldn't I?
It's not your turn to talk here
You shut up
Excuse me.
I am now the vice president of Zhongtian Group
Why are you not qualified to speak?
You're a piece of crap who eats soft food, I don't admit it
Well I ask you how can you admit it
Don't say I'm making things difficult for you.
Unless you can handle at least one
30 million contract
Otherwise, we'll admit you.
I can close a $30 million contract right now